= Sinatra LinkedIn
Provides helpers for accessing the LinkedIn API in Sinatra applications.

Author:: Bob Nadler, Jr. (bnadler@cyrusinnovation.com)

== Notes / Use
=== Installation
    gem install sinatra-linkedin

or if using Bundler, add to your Gemfile:
    gem sinatra-linkedin

then run
    bundle install

=== Quickstart
Before using you'll need to acquire an API key from LinkedIn. Go to
https://developer.linkedin.com/ to obtain your key.

Sinatra LinkedIn can be used in either "classic" or "modular" Sinatra apps. For
"classic" apps, you only need to require the sinatra-linkedin module and set
your API key and API secret.
    require 'sinatra'
    require 'sinatra/linkedin'

    set :linkedin_api_key, 'your api key'
    set :linkedin_api_secret, 'your api secret'

    get '/public' do
      if authorized?
        "Welcome back!"
      else
        "Oops, you haven't logged in yet. Please <a href='/auth'>login</a>"
      end
    end

    get '/private' do
      authorize!
      "Thanks for logging in!"
    end

It works the same way with a "modular" app; the only difference is that you must
register Sinatra LinkedIn explicitly.
    require 'sinatra/base'
    require 'sinatra/linkedin'

    class MyApp < Sinatra::Base
      register Sinatra::Linkedin

      set :linkedin_api_key, 'your api key'
      set :linkedin_api_secret, 'your api secret'

      get '/public' do
        if authorized?
          "Welcome back!"
        else
          "Oops, you haven't logged in yet. Please <a href='/auth'>login</a>"
        end
      end

      get '/private' do
        authorize!
        "Thanks for logging in!"
      end
    end

==== Routes
Sinatra LinkedIn provides several routes to help you:
    /auth:: authorizes the user by setting up a request token and redirecting
to the LinkedIn authorization page. Once the user has granted access (or denied
it) they will be redirected to /auth/callback (see below).

    /auth/callback:: stores the token and secret in the session, then redirects
to the root URL.

    /auth/logout:: deletes the token and secret from the session and redirects
the user to the root URL.

==== Helper Methods
Sinatra LinkedIn provides these helper methods:
    authorized?:: returns true if the user has authenticated with their
LinkedIn credentials.

    authorize!:: redirects the user to the /auth route unless they have already
been authenticated.

    client:: provides a handle to the +LinkedIn::Client+ class. Refer to the
LinkedIn gem documentation[https://github.com/pengwynn/linkedin] for usage
information.

Refer to http://example.com for more detailed documentation and examples.

== Contributing
=== Issues / Roadmap
Use GitHub issues[http://github.com/bnadlerjr/sinatra-linkedin/issues] for
reporting bug and feature requests.

=== Patches / Pull Requests
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don’t break it in a future version
  unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history (if you want to have
  your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can
  ignore when I pull).
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

=== Project Layout
/lib::
    Main project source code.

/test::
    All test source code and data samples.

Gemfile::
    Dependency management with Bundler.

Rakefile::
    Rake tasks for the project. Use "rake -T" to see a list of available tasks.

README.rdoc::
    This file.

== License
(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2012 Bob Nadler, Jr.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
